### Week 3 Tasks
- Created a project in ChatGPT and uploaded relevant files to provide context.
- Provided instructions with reference to the weekly tasks and asked GPT to generate starter code based on it
- Refined generated code by providing additional prompts to specify the requirements of the tasks.
- Used Copilot to autocomplete some manual coding sections.

**Reflection**<br>
The tasks for Week 3 are relatively simple, so GPT was able to generate the code with minimal guidance. 
The generated code was quite accurate and usually required only minor modifications. 

### Week 4 Tasks
- As more functions were added to the ChatBot, the amount of work required per task generally increased as code will need to be changed across multiple classes.
- Instead of directly asking GPT or Copilot to complete the whole task at once, I first broke down the task into smaller parts and asked for code for each part separately.
- This allowed me to better understand the code generated by GPT and make necessary modifications before moving on to the next part.
- This also allowed me to test new additions individually and ensure that they work as intended before integrating them into the main codebase, which in a sense is similar to using branches in Git.
- After completing A-Packages, I realised that the function to write tasks to storage was broken. GPT was able to save a lot of time here as it quickly identified the issue and provided a solution.
- Manual tracing of the code to find the problem would otherwise have been very time-consuming.

### Week 5 Tasks